## Project Summary:

***Complete restructure with 2 services in one repo Dec 29th, 2025***

BigBags allows users to create crypto wallets with their current holdings and manage selling strategies based on various metrics. Service allows to plan for Dollar Cost Averaging selling or strategic sell points (% increase, price targets, etc.).

-Service 1: collector calls CoinMarketcap API endpoints and updates the database with up to date data for each identified coin/token.
-Service 2: Web application allows users to create wallets, add coins/tokens, set sell points and manage strategies. 

- Built in go 1.23.5
- Uses John Barton's [dotenv](https://github.com/joho/godotenv)

### Service 1: collector

relies on 3 main packages/services: 
1. Mapper: Generates a Coinmarketcap ID map used by the Ticker service to fetch data for each coin/token. Uses DB, API call and fallback map for failsafe implementation.
2. Ticker: Fetch up to date data for every coin/token in ID map generated by mapper. Makes API call at set interval and stores data in DB. 
3. Coins: Keeps track of coins and their CMC ID's for ticker to build queries and update DB. 

### Service 2: website

### Setup/Run:

- Clone the repository
- Get an API key from [Coinmarketcap](https://coinmarketcap.com/api/)
- Rename .env.example to .env
- Add your API Key to .env CMC_API_KEY=
- In .env, set the time interval for the API call based on how many credits you want to spend. Default set to 120 seconds for ticker.
- Run in command prompt: 
    ```shell
    docker-compose up --build
    ```

